The place where this web app is supposed to be used:
It is a small cafe restaurant inside a farm. The restaurant has a router inside of it. The owner has agreed to use a Raspberry Pi 4 as the server provider since he wants the app to run totally offline and locally to make it 100% independent from internet to make sure it works great at all times. The restaurant has low to moderate number of customers and only a handful of waiters. there is going to be a small receipt printer machine as well.

Where the QR code is and what the QR code is supposed to do: there are tables for customers to sit at and each table already has a QR code pasted on them that if scanned (can be scanned by the customer or the waiter which almost makes no difference), connects you to the local network of the restaurant by first showing you a pop up confirmation message and when you confirm you automatically get connected to the local network. after your connection, you should automatically get redirected to the restaurants menu in the web app to start your ordering process. also, it provides the scanner the number specified for that table.

The user of the web app: The user is possible to be any of 3 categories.
category 1: The customer themselves. so, the customer comes to the restaurant and sits at a table. scans the QR code, he is shown a pop up to confirm if he wants to connect to the local network. when they confirm, they get connected and then automatically redirected to the restaurants menu. they choose whatever they want and they confirm/send their order. the order is printed for the kitchen crew right away using the printing machine there. the customer can then monitor his order and see its status to know how many people are there before their order, have they started cooking it, or whatever other things until they receive their order. they just monitor and nothing else.

category 2: the waiters: the waiters also can use the app. this is when the customer does not want to use the QR code ordering system for whatever reason - maybe they are just too unfamiliar with tech , they are just too old, or they just like the human interaction - so the customer rings the bell - implementation of the bell (which is a physical one) is none of our business cuz the owner will take care of it- using the button located on their table - there is a dedicated button for every table - and a waiter comes to serve them. the waiter will scan the QR code on the table of that customer and take the order for them and that's it. in this scenario, the customer themselves do not have to do anything. they just tell the waiter what they want like in normal restaurants.

category 3: Kitchen crew: the kitchen crew also has their own version of the app. Their version is only used for monitoring the orders and updating the status of each order. like, they set the status about whether the order is still on the queue, being prepared, or done and ready for serving.

so, in a sense, 2 verions of the app used by 3 categories of users. each one can access only their own view. I mean, like, the kitchen crew should only see the order monitoring screen and nothing else and the customers or the waiter should only see what they should use.

so, now, the question is, how to do that so that it becomes easy and smooth and it does not add more steps to the ordering process of the customer. hmmm, i think one good way is that we make the app in such a way that if the QR code on any table is scanned, the app assumes it is either a customer or a waiter. then, there can be a decicated QR code for the kitchen crew members that if that one is scanned, the app will assume that you are a kitchen crew and it will just directly take you to the order monitoring screen.